Overlays: describe container and position options in more details (#3526)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxLoadPanel/1 Configuration/position.md

acceptValues: 'bottom' | 'center' | 'left' | 'left bottom' | 'left top' | 'right' | 'right bottom' | 'right top' | 'top'
type: String | PositionConfig | function()
---

> If you do not specify the [container]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#container) property and set the **position**.[of](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PositionConfig/#of) to the particular element, the [shading]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#shading) applies to this element. The {WidgetName} calculates its size relatively to this element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not specify the [container]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#container) property and set the **position**.[of](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Object_Structures/PositionConfig/#of) to a specific element, the [shading]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#shading) applies to this element. The {WidgetName} calculates its size relative to the element.
```
